Remove HMP from optimum-habana (#349)
huggingface/optimum-habana: docs/source/usage_guides/accelerate_training.mdx

## Mixed-Precision Training

Mixed-precision training enables to compute some operations using lighter data types to accelerate training.

> Optimum Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fasion as 🤗 Transofrmers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimum Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fasion as 🤗 Transofrmers:
```

Author: done

> Optimum-Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fasion as HuggingFace transofrmers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimum Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fashion as 🤗 Transformers.
```

Optimum-Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fasion as HuggingFace transofrmers.
- argument `--bf16` enables usage of PyTorch autocast
- argument `--half_precision_backend [hpu_amp, cpu_amp]` is used to specify a device on which mixed precision operations should be performed

<Tip warning={true}>

Please refer to the [list of supported PyTorch operators](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Pytorch_Operators/Pytorch_Operators.html) beforehand to make sure the ones you are interested in are compatible with *bf16*.

> </Tip>

Reviewer: I would keep this

Author: But those operators are incompatible with autocast. HMP and autocast operate on different software levels. Please see: https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/PyTorch_Mixed_Precision/Autocast.html#override-options

Reviewer: No problem, we don't have to keep the same operators. Maybe it will just be easier to refer to GPT2's Gaudi config.

To apply HMP, you must set `"use_habana_mixed_precision"` to `true` in the Gaudi configuration file.
Then, you can specify which operators to compute in *bf16* with `"hmp_bf16_ops"` and which operators to compute in *fp32* with `"hmp_fp32_ops"`.
If these operators are not specified, their default values are set to be the ones written in the [Gaudi configuration file of BERT](https://huggingface.co/Habana/bert-large-uncased-whole-word-masking/blob/main/gaudi_config.json), which is a good starting point for applying HMP:
```
"hmp_bf16_ops": [
    "add",
    "addmm",
    "bmm",
    "div",
    "dropout",
    "gelu",
    "iadd",
    "linear",
    "layer_norm",
    "matmul",
    "mm",
    "rsub",
    "softmax",
    "truediv"
],
"hmp_fp32_ops": [
    "embedding",
    "nll_loss",
    "log_softmax"
]

> ```

Reviewer: I would still keep a part of this to show how to specify custom op lists. We can add a link to the GPT2 Gaudi config when it is updated.

Author: But shouldn't users provide custom lists in a similar way to other training demos outside of HuggingFace? We can keep those in GaudiConfig to make sure they are optimized for specific model.

> <Tip warning={true}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip>
```
I think this one doesn't have to be a warning, it's rather extra information

Author: I'd rather keep it as a warning as the names of operations in HMP and autocast may differ. Wouldn't it be important for users switching from HMP to autocast.

## Mixed-Precision Training

Mixed-precision training enables to compute some operations using lighter data types to accelerate training.

> Optimum Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fasion as 🤗 Transofrmers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimum Habana enables mixed precision training in a similar fashion as 🤗 Transformers:
```
